Add a readme and change the employees file (#1)
VV01K/test_case01: README.md

# Introduction

> This project is here to see how wa could improve a code base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is here to see how we could improve a code base.
```

> # Instruction 
> Here are some instructions to follow if you want to practice.
> 
> ## Steps
> - Launch the program
> - Make the error more explicit
> - Run the tests
> - The 8 of march the test passed. Why the test fails today (if we are not the 8 of march) ?
> - Write a more explicit test ; want the program to send (not a real mail) an email to Benoit
> - What other tests could you write ?
> - Make sure that the whole employees file is parsed
> - Write a test to verify that Bill will receive his Greetings
> - How can you improve the SendGreetings method in term of lisibility ?
> - What responsibility can be moved out ? To Whom ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Instructions 
Here are some instructions to follow if you want to practice.

## Steps
- Launch the program and understand what it supposed to do
- Find and fix the problem
- Make the error more explicit
- Run the tests
- The 8 of march the test passed. Why the test fails today ?
- Write a more explicit test ; we want the program to send (not a real mail) an email to Benoit
- What other tests could you write ?
- Make sure that the whole employees file is parsed
- Write a test to verify that Bill will receive his Greetings
- How can you improve the SendGreetings method in term of readability ?
- What responsibility can be moved out ? To Whom ?
```
